doc: Additions to LoRaWAN Best Practices (#460)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/devices/best-practices/_index.md

- Decrease data rate step by step, and try again
- Reset to default channels, and try again
- Send periodic join requests with backoff

> ## Support force rejoin command or downlink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Support Force Rejoin Command or Downlink
```

> The Force Rejoin Command (`ForceRejoinReq`) is part of the LoRaWAN specifications versions 1.1. When using the command, the device to asked to immediately transmit a Rejoin-Request. Force Rejoin Commands enable, among others, end devices to easily switch LoRaWAN networks by initiating a new session with a new Network Server provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Force Rejoin Command (`ForceRejoinReq`) is part of the LoRaWAN specifications version 1.1. When using this command, the device immediately transmits a Rejoin Request message. Force Rejoin Commands enable end devices to, among other, easily switch LoRaWAN networks by initiating a new session with a new Network Server provider.
```

Reviewer: this wasn't really clear so I'm not sure if my suggestion is hitting the point either. you should rephrase this either way

> When using end devices running LoRaWAN version 1.0.x, the firmware of the end devices should allow the devices to transmit a Rejoin-Request after receiving a predefined downlink message.

Reviewer: I think we use for example wording like Join Request, so I also think it should be Rejoin Request. correct me if I'm wrong because I don't know where to find "official" command names

> ## LoRaWAN Certified

Reviewer: this is fine but it could be on top of the list of best practices
